All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. @ Walt Disney
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. @ Mark Twain
I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. Twenty-six times I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life, and that is why I succeed. @ Michael Jordan
Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve. @ Mary Kay Ash
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. @ Chinese proverb
Only the paranoid survive. @ Andy Grove
It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up. @ Babe Ruth
I wake up every morning and think to myself, ‘How far can I push this company in the next 24 hours?’ @ Leah Busque
Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it. Sauté it. Whatever. MAKE. @ Joss Whedon
If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can’t hear them anymore. @ Michele Ruiz
You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth. @ William W. Purkey
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten. @ Neil Gaiman
Everything you can imagine is real. @ Pablo Picasso
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us. @ Helen Keller
Do one thing every day that scares you. @ Eleanor Roosevelt
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then. @ Lewis Carroll
Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers. @ Socrates
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. @ Dalai Lama XIV
Whatever you are, be a good one. @ Abraham Lincoln
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions. @ Albert Einstein
If we have the attitude that it’s going to be a great day, it usually is. @ Catherine Pulsifier
You can either experience the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The choice is yours. @ Unknown
Impossible is just an opinion. @ Paulo Coelho
Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up. @ Isabelle Lafleche
Magic is believing in yourself. If you can make that happen, you can make anything happen. @ Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Hold the vision, trust the process. @ Unknown
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. @ John D. Rockefeller
People who wonder if the glass is half empty or full miss the point. The glass is refillable. @ Unknown
It’s Monday … time to motivate and make dreams and goals happen. Let’s go! @ Heather Stillufsen
It was a Monday and they walked on a tightrope to the sun. @ Marcus Zusak
Goodbye, blue Monday. @ Kurt Vonnegut
When life gives you Monday, dip it in glitter and sparkle all day. @ Ella Woodword
Monday c’est Mon Day. @ Unknown
All Motivation Mondays need are a little more coffee and a lot more mascara. @ Unknown
I’m alive, motivated, and ready to slay the day. #MONSLAY. @ Unknown
One day or day one. You decide. @ Unknown
Oh! It’s Friday again. Share the love that was missing during the week. In a worthy moment of peace and bliss. @ S. O’Sade
Friday sees more smiles than any other day of the workweek! @ Kate Summers
Every Friday, I like to high-five myself for getting through another week on little more than caffeine, willpower, and inappropriate humor. @ Nanea Hoffman
When you leave work on Friday, leave work. Don’t let technology follow you throughout your weekend (answering text messages and emails). Take a break. You will be more refreshed to begin the workweek if you have had a break. @ Catherine Pulsifer
Make Friday a day to celebrate work well done that you can be proud of, knowing that you just didn’t put in time to the next paycheck. @ Byron Pulsifer
I challenge you to let every day be a Friday. Permit yourself to be happy every day. @ Joel Osteen
This Friday, finish your work and be done. Look forward to the weekend and have some fun! @ Kate Summers
Fridays are the hardest in some ways: you’re so close to freedom. @ Lauren Oliver
It’s Friday morning, mankind! Good vibe, don’t frown, and let the monster see you smile! @ Napz Cherub Pellazo
Don’t worry about letting the dogs out. It’s Friday! Let them have a great weekend, too. @ Anthony T. Hincks
No one is to blame for your future situation but yourself. If you want to be successful, then become ‘Successful.’ @ Jaymin Shah
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. @ Thomas Edison
Every successful person in the world is a hustler one way or another. We all hustle to get where we need to be. Only a fool would sit around and wait on another man to feed him. @ K’wan
Invest in your dreams. Grind now. Shine later. @ Unknown
Hustlers don’t sleep, they nap. @ Unknown
Greatness only comes before hustle in the dictionary. @ Ross Simmonds
Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far. @ Gary Vaynerchuk
Work like there is someone working 24 hours a day to take it away from you. @ Mark Cuban
Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise. @ Unknown
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. @ Aristotle
I always did something I was a little not ready to do. I think that’s how you grow. When there’s that moment of ‘Wow, I’m not really sure I can do this’ and you push through those moments, that’s when you have a breakthrough. @ Marissa Mayer
If you hear a voice within you say, ‘You cannot paint,’ then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced. @ Vincent Van Gogh
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. @ Anne Frank
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. @ Michael Jordan
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together. @ Vincent Van Gogh
If you hire people just because they can do a job, they’ll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they’ll work for you with blood and sweat and tears. @ Simon Sinek
Very often, a change of self is needed more than a change of scene. @ A.C. Benson
Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure. @ Stanley McChrystal
It’s not the load that breaks you down, it’s the way you carry it. @ Lou Holtz
If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on. @ Sheryl Sandberg
The hard days are what make you stronger. @ Aly Raisman
If you believe it’ll work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you don’t believe it’ll work out, you’ll see obstacles. @ Wayne Dyer
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. @ Theodore Roosevelt
You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them. @ Shonda Rhimes
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction. @ George Lorimer
I now tried a new hypothesis: It was possible that I was more in charge of my happiness than I was allowing myself to be. @ Michelle Obama
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. @ Mahatma Gandhi
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. @ Roy T. Bennett
Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise. @ Frank Ocean
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard. @ Tim Notke
If everything seems to be under control, you’re not going fast enough. @ Mario Andretti
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. @ Thomas Edison
The only difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. @ Jimmy Johnson
The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one. @ Oscar Wilde
Unsuccessful people make their decisions based on their current situations. Successful people make their decisions based on where they want to be. @ Benjamin Hardy
Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn’t give you credit. @ Kamari, a.k.a. Lyrikal
Work hard for what you want because it won’t come to you without a fight. You have to be strong and courageous and know that you can do anything you put your mind to. If somebody puts you down or criticizes you, just keep on believing in yourself and turn it into something positive. @ Leah LaBelle
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. @ Henry David Thorea
Sometimes when you’re in a dark place you think you’ve been buried but you’ve actually been planted. @ Christine Caine
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits. @ Unknown
Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come. @ Unknown
Don’t quit yet. The worst moments are usually followed by the most beautiful silver linings. You have to stay strong, remember to keep your head up and remain hopeful. @ Unknown
Good. Better. Best. Never let it rest. ’Til your good is better and your better is best. @ St. Jerome.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. @ Albert Einstein
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. @ Arthur Ashe
Everyone has inside them a piece of good news. The good news is you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is. @ Anne Frank
Dreams don’t work unless you do. @ John C. Maxwell
Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded there. @ Dr. Wayne D. Dyer
What defines us is how well we rise after falling. @ Lionel, from the movie Maid in Manhattan
Make each day your masterpiece. @ John Wooden
Wherever you go, go with all your heart. @ Confucius
Turn your wounds into wisdom. @ Oprah Winfrey
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough. @ Helen Keller
Begin anywhere. @ John Cage
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice, and, most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. @ Pele
Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It’s quite simple, really: Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember, that’s where you will find success. @ Thomas J. Watson
Every champion was once a contender that didn’t give up. @ Gabby Douglas
There are five important things for living a successful and fulfilling life: never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning. @ Roy T. Bennett
The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say no to almost everything. @ Warren Buffett
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them. @ Chris Grosser
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. @ Maya Angelou
FAVORITES
